Add documentation for promoting the NodeLocalCRISocket to Beta (#51503)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/kubelet-integration.md

When you run `kubeadm join`, kubeadm uses the Bootstrap Token credential to perform
a TLS bootstrap, which fetches the credential needed to download the
`kubelet-config` ConfigMap and writes it to `/var/lib/kubelet/config.yaml`.

> Additionally, the kubeadm detects the CRI socket on the node and writes it to `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the kubeadm tool detects the CRI socket on the node and writes its details (including the socket path) into a local configuration, `/var/lib/kubelet/instance-config.yaml`.
```
